April 30th., 2021

Dear all,

We are looking for a motivated student interested in pursuing a PhD on
developing the foundations of a next generation of reliable networks:
networks which are highly automated,  and verify and correct themselves
autonomously, relying on algorithms and formal methods. Communication
networks have become a critical infrastructure of our society and hence
come with stringent requirements on dependability. We believe that
automation can improve reliability: many network outages these days are due
to human errors.

The research position is at the Faculty of Computer Science at the
University of Vienna and is fully funded. The candidate also has the
opportunity to collaborate with Aalborg University, Denmark, and engage
into longer visits, if she/he is interested: Aalborg University is a
project partner.

The candidate should have a strong background in algorithms in particular
and theoretical computer science in general. Knowledge about. formal
methods, model checking, and communication networks is a plus.

We offer a productive research environment and excellent contacts to other
universities as well as industry interested in this application domain.

For an idea on the kind of research we are doing in this area, please see
the sample publications attached below.

To apply, please send your CV, motivation letter and reference letters to
me by email.

Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information, And
please do distribute this email to colleagues and students who may be
interested.

Thank you,

Stefan Schmid (in collaboration with Kim G. Larsen and Jiri Srba at Aalborg
University)
schmiste@gmail.com

PS: More information about our research group at:
https://ct.cs.univie.ac.at/